answerLocation tree
answerLocation tree
answerLocation cat
answerLocation cat
answerLocation dog
answerLocation dog
goToLocation tree
goToLocation dog
goToLocation cat
grabObject dog
grabObject dog
grabObject dog
grabObject dog
deGrabObject dog
deGrabObject dog
deGrabObject dog
deGrabObject dog
grabObject cat
grabObject cat
grabObject cat
grabObject cat
deGrabObject cat
deGrabObject cat
deGrabObject cat
deGrabObject cat
moveObjectToLocation dog tree
moveObjectToLocation dog tree
moveObjectToLocation dog tree
moveObjectToLocation dog tree
moveObjectToLocation dog tree
moveObjectToLocation dog cat
moveObjectToLocation dog cat
moveObjectToLocation dog cat
moveObjectToLocation dog cat
moveObjectToLocation dog cat
moveObjectToLocation cat tree
moveObjectToLocation cat tree
moveObjectToLocation cat tree
moveObjectToLocation cat tree
moveObjectToLocation cat tree
moveObjectToLocation cat dog
moveObjectToLocation cat dog
moveObjectToLocation cat dog
moveObjectToLocation cat dog
moveObjectToLocation cat dog
goHome
sitDown
standUp
sayName
sayName
sayAge
superman
superman
fly
jump
backflip
dance
